Add more information and structure on standards and certification (#76)
SovereignCloudStack/docs: standards/certification/subjects-versions.md

> # Subjects and Versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scope and Versions
```

> The SCS Certification subjects are discrimitated in two dimensions. The first is the technology layer, which is either IaaS (infrastructure) or KaaS (Kubernetes). The second dimension is the level, which refer to the level of sovereignity, which is achieved by the certificate. There are three different levels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SCS Certification scope are discrimitated in two dimensions. The first is the technology layer, which is either IaaS (infrastructure) or KaaS (Kubernetes). The second dimension is the level, which refer to the level of sovereignty, which is achieved by the certificate. There are three different levels:
```

> The SCS Certification subjects are discrimitated in two dimensions. The first is the technology layer, which is either IaaS (infrastructure) or KaaS (Kubernetes). The second dimension is the level, which refer to the level of sovereignity, which is achieved by the certificate. There are three different levels:

Reviewer: Type? discriminate --> discriminate

Is "discriminate" the right term here? Wouldn't be "split" or "differentiate" fit better?

Reviewer 2: Likely! I will change it when it revise the text.

- SCS compatible
- SCS open
- SCS sovereign

Consequently, an SCS user can achieve certificates in six different subjects.

> Hence, an SCS certification subject examines all standards required to achieve a certain level for a certain layer, e.g. the "SCS-compatible" level for the IaaS-layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, an SCS certification scope examines all standards required to achieve a certain level for a certain layer, e.g. the "SCS-compatible" level for the IaaS-layer.
```

> Like software states, certification subjects are versioned. To achieve the certificate for a subject all standards, which are part of the current version of this subject must be met. A certification subject version has an expiry date after which the next version of this subject becomes valid. An SCS user must fulfil the standards in the actual certification subject version to stay certified. There is a transition period between two versions, in which both versions are valid as shown in the diagram below. It also shows that each subject has its own versioning cycle independent from all other subjects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like software states, certification scopes are versioned. To achieve the certificate for a scope all standards, which are part of the current version of this scope must be met. A certification scope version has an expiry date after which the next version of this scope becomes valid. An SCS user must fulfill the standards in the actual certification scope version to stay certified. There is a transition period between two versions, in which both versions are valid as shown in the diagram below. It also shows that each scope has its own versioning cycle independent from all other scope.
```
